List of hypotheses for the below problem statement:

What customer segments are more likely to churn balances in the next quarter by at least 50% considering the current quarter?



Demographics

Are females less likely to churn than males?
Are young customers more likely to churn?
Are customers located in Tier-1 cities more likely to churn?
Are married people less likely to churn?
Are older customers less likely to churn?
Are customers in the lower income bracket more likely to churn?
Are customers in the middle income bracket more likely to churn?
Are customers in the higher income bracket more likely to churn?
Are bachelors more prone to churning?
Are customers with dependent(s) less likely to churn?
Customers with an average family size less than 4 are more likely to attrite?
Customers staying in a joint family are less likely to churn?
Are homeowners (property holders) less likely to churn?
Are customers with no property to their name more likely to churn?
People with a disability are less likely to attrite?
Are customers with 2 or more cars less likely to churn?
Are customers who own no cars highly likely to churn?
Are customers with a graduate degree less likely to churn?
Are customers with no college degree more likely to churn?
Customers living outside the country are less likely to churn?
Customers holding a life insurance scheme are less likely to churn?
Are people living closer to a bank branch less likely to churn?
Customers holding a term insurance scheme are less likely to churn?


Behaviour

Are vintage customers less likely to churn?
Are customers with higher average balance less likely to churn?
Are customers dropping monthly balance high likely to churn?
Customers who use netbanking are less likely to churn?
Customers who do frequent digital transactions are less likely to churn?
Are customers who hold a government scheme less likely to churn?
Customers who haven’t performed a single online transaction are more likely to churn?
Customers who hold a credit card are less likely to churn?
Customers who have taken a house loan are less likely to churn?
Customers who have taken a car/vehicle loan are less likely to churn?
Customers who have taken a business loan are less likely to churn?
Customers who have taken an education loan are less likely to churn?
People eating out more than twice a week are less likely to churn?
Are customers who recently unsubscribed from our emails more likely to churn?
Are customers who recently unfollowed us on social media more likely to churn?
Customers with high engagement in first month are less likely to churn?
Are customers with no transaction is the last 3 months more likely to churn?
Customers who use phone banking frequently are less likely to churn?
Customers who use mobile banking frequently are less likely to churn?
Are customers who frequently withdraw cash from ATMs less likely to churn?
Are customers who have large withdrawal amounts in the last month more likely to churn?
Are customers who have large withdrawal amounts in the last quarter more likely to churn?
Are customers with less than 10 or more transactions in the last month more likely to churn?
Customers who invest in the stock market are less likely to churn?
Customers holding a fixed deposit account are less likely to churn?
Are customers who closed a FD account prematurely more likely to churn?
Are customers who closed a recurring deposit account prematurely more likely to churn?
Customers holding without a DEMAT account are more likely to churn?
Are customers who closed an education loan prematurely more likely to churn?
Are customers who closed a car/vehicle loan prematurely more likely to churn?
Are customers who closed a business loan prematurely more likely to churn?
Are customers who closed a house loan prematurely more likely to churn?
Customers who have not engaged with the bank in last quarter are more likely to churn?
Customers who closed their DEMAT account in the last 6 months are more likely to churn?
Customers who cancelled their credit/debit card in the last 6 months are more likely to churn?
Are customers with a high complaint rate more likely to churn?
Are customers with a high query rate more likely to churn?
Customers who buy premium smartphones annually are less likely to churn?
Customers with multiple bank accounts are more likely to churn?
Are customers with a low credit score more likely to churn?
Customers who have defaulted on loan payment in the past are more likely to churn?
Customers who have defaulted on credit card payment in the past are more likely to churn?
Customers who have defaulted on property tax payment in the past are more likely to churn?
Customers who have defaulted on telephone bills in the past are more likely to churn?
Customers who have defaulted on electricity bill payment in the past are more likely to churn?


Psychographic

Do customers that are inherently more loyal less likely to churn?
Do customers that have interest in sports more likely to churn?
Do customers who go to movies often are highly likely to churn?
Customers who are avid gamers are more likely to churn?
Are customers who follow the stock market closely more likely to churn?
Do customers that are passive shoppers more likely to churn?
Do customers who don’t pick up bank’s calls more likely to churn?
Are customers who switch jobs regularly more likely to churn?
Are customers with a criminal record more likely to churn?


Other factors

Customers getting a low rate of interest in fixed deposit compared to competitor banks are more likely to churn?
Customers getting a low rate of interest in recurring deposit compared to competitor banks are more likely to churn?
Customers incurring a high rate of interest in house loans compared to competitor banks are more likely to churn?
Customers incurring a high rate of interest in car/vehicle loan compared to competitor banks are more likely to churn?
Customers incurring a high rate of interest in education loans compared to competitor banks are more likely to churn?
Customers incurring a high rate of interest in business loans compared to competitor banks are more likely to churn?